feat: [UIE-8672, UIE-8702, UIE-8703] - IAM RBAC: fix bugs (#12062)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12062-upcoming-features-1744990576571.md

---
"@linode/manager": Upcoming Features
---

> fix bugs with entities component and loading state for tabs ([#12062](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12062))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAM RBAC: Fix bugs in the Entities component and the loading state for tabs ([#12062](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12062))
```
